hi my name is Joey Russell and I played
scarecrow in batman death wish I think
that's probably going to see online
thank you okay we're ready to run to
I've always been a fan of battman but I
didn't really know it until a couple
years ago when I met Matt you know a
scarecrows really gotta a weird Street
going to him and he likes to test people
and likes to figure out exactly what
breaks them down so you know weird
waiting do you feel a connection i know
that's kind of creepy to say that i feel
the connection to scarecrow but the way
i like the character of scarecrow is
very kind of more in control than anyone
knows every every move is kind of picked
out and determined to be as creepy as
possible because he is a scarecrow he is
scaring and trying to scare everyone
behind camera i did a lot more i was our
grip team and lighting team for the most
part on occasion i was our dolly grip i
was our producer i was our production
assistant I provided a bit of the
equipment provided a few of the costumes
provided one or two of the props I know
we got a really creative team we've got
a lot of people that are willing and
able to help out with a project like
this and I know fan films are very hard
to keep going but I think we've got the
drive and the
to keep them coming
you